[Term Entry] JavaScript Dates .setHours() (#2673)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/dates/terms/setHours/setHours.md

---
Title: '.setHours()'
Description: 'Sets the hours for a specified date according to local time.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The **`.setHours()`** method sets the hours for a specified date according to local time. It also can set minutes, seconds and milliseconds.

## Syntax

```pseudo
myDate.setHours(hoursValue)
myDate.setHours(hoursValue, minutesValue)
myDate.setHours(hoursValue, minutesValue, secondsValue)
myDate.setHours(hoursValue, minutesValue, secondsValue, millisecondsValue)
```

`.setHours()` takes the following parameters:

> - `hoursValue:` (Required) takes values from `0` to `23` representing the hours.
> - `minutesValue:` (Optional) takes values from `0` to `59` representing the minutes.
> - `secondsValue:` (Optional) takes values from `0` to `59` representing the seconds. You must also specify `minutesValue`.
> - `millisecondsValue:`(Optional) takes values from `0` to `999` representing the milliseconds. You must also specify `minutesValue` and `secondsValue`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hoursValue`: (Required) takes values from `0` to `23` representing the hours.
- `minutesValue`: (Optional) takes values from `0` to `59` representing the minutes.
- `secondsValue`: (Optional) takes values from `0` to `59` representing the seconds. Must also specify `minutesValue`.
- `millisecondsValue`: (Optional) takes values from `0` to `999` representing the milliseconds. Must also specify `minutesValue` and `secondsValue`.
```
Some minor formatting things and removing second person pronoun.

---
Title: '.setHours()'
Description: 'Sets the hours for a specified date according to local time.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'intro-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The **`.setHours()`** method sets the hours for a specified date according to local time. It also can set minutes, seconds and milliseconds.

## Syntax

```pseudo
myDate.setHours(hoursValue)
myDate.setHours(hoursValue, minutesValue)
myDate.setHours(hoursValue, minutesValue, secondsValue)
myDate.setHours(hoursValue, minutesValue, secondsValue, millisecondsValue)
```

> The `.setHours()` method changes the hours, minutes, seconds and millisecons for this date according to local time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> The `.setHours()` method changes the hours, minutes, seconds and millisecons for this date according to local time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.setHours()` method changes the hours, minutes, seconds and milliseconds for a given date according to local time.
```

> ## Parameters

Reviewer 2: `.setHours()` takes the following parameters:

> **`hoursValue:`** 
> - Required. 0 to 23 representing the hours.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `hoursValue:` (Required) Takes values from `0` to `23` representing the hours.
```

Reviewer 2: update the other parameters as above

> `hoursValue` 
> - ##### Required. 0 to 23 representing the hours.
> `minutesValue`
> - ##### Optional. 0 to 59 representing the minutes.
> `secondsValue`
> - ##### Optional. 0 to 59 representing the seconds. You must also specify `minutesValue`.
> `millisecondsValue`
> - ##### Optional. 0 to 999 representing the milliseconds. You must also specify `minutesValue` and `secondsValue`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**`hoursValue:`** 
- Required. 0 to 23 representing the hours.
**`minutesValue:`**
- Optional. 0 to 59 representing the minutes.
**`secondsValue:`**
- Optional. 0 to 59 representing the seconds. You must also specify `minutesValue`.
**`millisecondsValue:`**
- Optional. 0 to 999 representing the milliseconds. You must also specify `minutesValue` and `secondsValue`.
```

## Example

> In the example below, the `myDate` variable takes the provided date and then the `.setHours()` method is applied to return a date with set hours, minutes and seconds.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the example below, the `myDate` variable takes the provided date and applies the `.setHours()` method to set the hours, minutes, and seconds of the date:
```
